Update README.md (#22)
vtex-apps/add-to-cart-button: docs/README.md

# Add To Cart Button

<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:START - Do not remove or modify this section -->
[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/badge/all_contributors-0-orange.svg?style=flat-square)](#contributors-)
<!-- ALL-CONTRIBUTORS-BADGE:END -->

The `add-to-cart-button` is a block responsible for adding products in the [Minicart](https://vtex.io/docs/components/all/vtex.minicart@2.46.1/) (`minicart.v2`). 

:warning: **The Add to Cart Button block only effectively function i.e. only adds products to the Minicart if the store uses the Minicart v2**. When using the Minicart v1, the [Buy Button block](https://vtex.io/docs/components/all/vtex.store-components@3.114.4/buybutton/) should be used instead.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/284515/70233985-69e13700-173e-11ea-91f7-6675a6a0e73b.png)

## Configuration

1. Import the `vtex.add-to-cart-button` app to your theme's dependencies in the manifest.json, for example:

```json
"dependencies": {
  "vtex.add-to-cart-button": "0.x"
}
```

> 2. Add the `add-to-cart-button` block to the desired block from the `store.product` template. For example:

Author: I don't understand why it can only be used in the `store.product` template. Is it correct? Can I use it in a `product-summary.shelf` in the store's home?

Reviewer: Good question 😅 
This is not the case. You can use inside a `product-summary.shelf` too, as we do in `vtex.store-theme`. This was probably overlooked before :)

> 2. Add the `add-to-cart-button` block to the desired block from the `store.product` template. For example:

Author: ```suggestion
2. Add the `add-to-cart-button` block to other blocks from your theme according to your needs. In the example below, the block is added to the `flex-layout.row` block from the `store.product` template:
```
